\input texinfo @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename readme.info
@settitle Perl IPC::Locker Installation
@c %**end of header

@c This file is included by autoconf.texi and is used to produce
@c the INSTALL file.

@node Top, Copyright, (dir), (dir)

This is the IPC::Locker Perl Package.

@menu
* Copyright::                   
* Description::                 
* Obtaining Distribution::      
* Supported Systems::           
* Installation::                
@end menu

@node Copyright, Description, Top, Top
@section Copyright

This package is Copyright 2000 by Wilson Snyder @email{wsnyder@@world.std.com}.

You may distribute under the terms of either the GNU General Public License
or the Artistic License, as specified in the Perl README file, with the
exception that it cannot be placed on a CD-ROM or similar media for commercial
distribution without the prior approval of the author.

This code is provided with no warranty of any kind, and is used entirely at
your own risk.

@node Description, Obtaining Distribution, Copyright, Top
@section Description

This package provides a server for locks and a package for clients to access
that server.  The result is that clients can access named locks on a Internet
wide bases, solving critical section problems without the mess of NFS or other
file locking techniques.

For example:

@example
  my $lock = IPC::Locker->lock(host=>'example.std.com');
  ... Critical section ...
  $lock->unlock();
@end example

See @samp{man IPC::Locker} after installation.

@node Obtaining Distribution, Supported Systems, Description, Top
@section Obtaining Distribution

The latest version is available at 
@uref{http://www.perl.org/CPAN/}

Download the latest package from that site, and decompress.
@samp{gunzip IPC::Locker_version.tar.gz ; tar xvf IPC::Locker_version.tar}

@node Supported Systems, Installation, Obtaining Distribution, Top
@section Supported Systems

This version of IPC::Locker has been built and tested on:

@itemize @bullet
@item sparc-sun-solaris2.5.1
@end itemize

It should run on any system with perl and TCP/IP socketing.

@node Installation,  , Supported Systems, Top
@section Installation

@enumerate
@item
@code{cd} to the directory containing this INSTALL notice.

@item
Type @samp{perl Makefile.PL} to configure IPC::Locker for your system.

@item
Type @samp{make} to compile IPC::Locker.

@item
Type @samp{make test} to check the compilation.

@item
Type @samp{make install} to install the programs and any data files and
documentation.

@item
You may wish to install @samp{lockerd} in a init.rc file so that it is run at
system startup.

@end enumerate


